fix: 660 rehaul writing code (#740)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/core-concepts/writing-code/javascript-promises.md

# JavaScript Promises
A JavaScript Promise helps to handle asynchronous operations. It registers callback execution when the async operation completes or fails. It simplifies the structure of the async code. Appsmith provides native support for JavaScript promises which makes asynchronous operation handling easy. For more information, see [JavaScript Promise basics](https://javascript.info/promise-basics) available on the official documentation.

 <VideoEmbed host="youtube" videoId="VuBycqPJVug" title="How to use JS Promises and Async/Await" caption="How to use JS Promises and Async/Await"/>

> Appsmith APIs like [showAlert()](/reference/appsmith-framework/widget-actions/show-alert.md), [showModal()](/reference/appsmith-framework/widget-actions/show-modal.md), [storeValue()](/reference/appsmith-framework/widget-actions/store-value.md), [navigateTo()](/reference/appsmith-framework/widget-actions/navigate-to.md), and more returns a promise, making asynchronous workflow's implementation easier and readable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Appsmith framework functions like [showAlert()](/reference/appsmith-framework/widget-actions/show-alert.md), [showModal()](/reference/appsmith-framework/widget-actions/show-modal.md), [storeValue()](/reference/appsmith-framework/widget-actions/store-value.md), [navigateTo()](/reference/appsmith-framework/widget-actions/navigate-to.md), and more returns a promise, making asynchronous workflow implementation easier and readable.
```

### Await
The keyword `await` makes JavaScript wait until that Promise settles and returns its result. The below example code shows the use of `async` and `await` keywords:

```
{{ 
(async function(){ 
    const response = await MockApi.run({ name: 'Appsmith' }); 
    await storeValue( "name", response.args.name ); 
    await showAlert(appsmith.store.name); 
    })() 
```javascript
{{
	(async function(){ 
		const response = await MockApi.run({ name: 'Appsmith' }); 
		await storeValue( "name", response.args.name ); 
		await showAlert(appsmith.store.name); 
	})() 
}}
```
The code flow shows that:
1. You run `MockApi` with the parameter name as "Appsmith" and wait for the response.
2. You store the response in the Appsmith store using `storeValue` when you get the response.
3. On completion of `storeValue`, you show an alert with a message.

In the example above:

1. We run `MockApi` with the parameter name as "Appsmith" and wait for the response.
2. We store the response in the Appsmith store using `storeValue` when we get the response.
3. On completion of `storeValue`, we show an alert with a message.

### Promise methods

> If you want only one action/promise to finish for further execution, you can use `Promise.any()` or `Promise.race()` methods.

Reviewer: Let's keep this line

Author: It is added to the individual function refs for .`any()` and `.race()`
